>> Lukas: To get started, everybody needs
to go and download this [INAUDIBLE].
So I believe everybody here has done this.
Now there was some confusion.
I asked everyone to also
install the angular CLI.
The reason why I did that is because
when you can install the angular CLI and
run it, then I know for a fact that you
have node and NPM installed and working.
So implicitly it kind of handles a lot
of the environment issue that I know
you're ready to go, as well this project
is based off of the angular CLI.
Yes?
>> Speaker 2: Request, is there a link for
the slides?
>> Lukas: I will post the slides, I tell
you what when this is over, when I'm done
telling you about the big picture I will
put this in a PDF and send them out.
So they're forthcoming.
I always wanna fiddle with the slides
during the day of like, maybe I could say
this better and then there's always the
pre slides, so we'll say the beta slides.
And then, at the end of the workshop,
I'll send out a final polished slide deck.
>> Lukas: So what we have here
is the angular two rest website.
And so this is a master detailed
view which I believe is the single
most important interface for
developers to learn how to build.
So what you have is
a master list of items and
then when you select one,
then you can update that.
So essentially you have a list of items
that you can create, read, update,
and delete.
So this is pretty much the foundation for
every line of business app, ever.
And so if you even look at like a to do
app, well the to do app is really just
a fancy version or I would say
a variation of the master detail view.
And this also connects to a rest API,
we'll get into this tomorrow.
But I think that one of the first
milestones that any developer should
kind of strive to when learning a new
framework is learn how to build a master
detail view that they can do
cred operations to a rest API.
It's kind of at that point,
you can kind of take that knowledge and
start to transform it into
whatever you're building.
So in this case I'm keeping it
very generic with items, but
this could very much be users,
policies, incidences like whatever.
So whatever your domain model is,
it's very easy to transform it into
the master detail view interface.
>> Lukas: So again simple RESTful
master detail application and
what we have is I've built
out the items feature and
we are going to be building out
a widgets feature in parallel.
And so, the reason why I've done this is I
found it's helpful that as you're building
something that if you have something
to reference that's already working
that is helpful.
So as we're building out
the widgets feature and
we're going through the challenges.
Then feel free if you get stuck to
kind of that hop over to see how
we're doing it in the items feature.
So personally for
me I think that we learn by example and
I think that you don't really get a badge
of honor brute forcing something,
this for me is like is a documentation,
does your documentation have working code?
Even better, let me just copy it and
I'll start from here.
So we're gonna be building
out a widgets feature,
and use the items feature
as a reference point.
And as well, don't be afraid.
Try some new things.
So if you like widgets [SOUND]
I don't care about widgets.
I care about gadgets.
Well, by all means, you can say whatever.
So if you wanna do with gadgets or
you're like, this is the data model but
I wanna try some additional properties or
whatever, feel free to explore that.
It's one thing to note something.
It's another thing to be a practitioner.
You just simply do that by doing.
>> Lukas: All right, so challenges for
this module is we just need to make
sure we can run the application.
Because this is a rest application,
we are running in conjunction with,
essentially, the webpack server.
We are running, it's called JSON server.
So what that allows us to do is actually
serve up a rest API in the background.
So when you run npm start what this is
doing,
>> Lukas: Is
it's essentially running our server.
So if this is our JSON server, so
if you go to local lost 3000
that's what you're gonna see.
And I think somebody
just said this in here.
You're gonna see something like,
congratulations, JSON server is running.
But what we care about
is what's on port 4200.
>> Lukas: I'll just show this real quick.
>> Lukas: So, you can see here,
we have items and widgets.
So, this is our rest API.
We're going to consume.
And what this is, and just a pro tip.
If you're ever doing like,
proof of conquest work, and
you need a local rest API quickly,
JSON server is the heat.
Because then what you
can do is in our server,
we just basically just have this JSON
file that we're dumping in here.
And so you can actually update,
delete, whatever.
Using the file system it'll actually
update your JSON file as well.
And so
that's where port 3000 is coming in.
And then, if you go to localhost 4200,
then what we have here is items and
widgets.
And so this is the master branch for
the project but then,
what we've done is we have created
a branch for every module.
And so at the end of each module,
we're going to have a challenge.
And if you want to see the solution for
that challenge,
then you can just hop in to that branch.
So for instance at the end of components,
if you wanna see what that looks like.
We'll actually step through and
see that in action.
More importantly, is let's say somebody
has to go to a dentist appointment at 11.
And they come back and were on services.
Well what they would do is just go to
the module ahead, check that out and
anywhere essentially caught up.
And going into services,
if that makes sense?
And so, all of our solutions essentially
in their respective branches,
and so, if you get stuck,
you can just hop in and check that out or
if you get stuck you can hop into
the module before and then catch up.
Or if you want to review the solutions
then you can do that as well.
But for the most part everything
is in the widgets feature.
So you can see here if we go to widgets.
You can basically kind of select this.
We have some routing and stuff going on
that we'll get into at the end of the day.
And you can select it, SAVE it, etc.